Astro 2/21 release notes (#3428)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes.md

<!-- ALL LINKS TO INTERNAL DOCS MUST BE COMPLETE URLS INCLUDING HTTPS. Otherwise the links will break in RSS. -->

## February 21, 2024

### New worker types

<HostedBadge/>

> Astro Hosted Deployments now support A120 and A160 workers, which include enough CPU and memory to handle the most resource-intensive tasks in your DAGs. See [Astro Hosted resource reference](resource-reference-hosted.md#deployment-resources) for more information about each worker type.

Author: ```suggestion
Astro Hosted Deployments now support A120 and A160 workers, which include enough CPU and memory to handle the most resource-intensive tasks in your DAGs. See [Astro Hosted resource reference](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/resource-reference-hosted#deployment-resources) for more information about each worker type.
```

### New platform variables to improve Celery executor reliability

Astro Deployments now have the following environment variables set by default. This is to ensure that the Celery executor doesn't freeze when it attempts to connect with a Pod in the Celery backend that has unexpectedly terminated.

```
AIRFLOW__CELERY_BROKER_TRANSPORT_OPTIONS__SOCKET_TIMEOUT=30
AIRFLOW__CELERY_BROKER_TRANSPORT_OPTIONS__SOCKET_CONNECT_TIMEOUT=5
AIRFLOW__CELERY_BROKER_TRANSPORT_OPTIONS__SOCKET_KEEPALIVE=True
AIRFLOW__CELERY_BROKER_TRANSPORT_OPTIONS__RETRY_ON_TIMEOUT=True
```

> For more information about each of these variables, see [Platform variables](platform-variables.md)

Author: ```suggestion
For more information about each of these variables, see [Platform variables](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/platform-variables)
```

<!-- ALL LINKS TO INTERNAL DOCS MUST BE COMPLETE URLS INCLUDING HTTPS. Otherwise the links will break in RSS. -->

## February 20, 2024

### New worker types

<HostedBadge/>

Astro Hosted Deployments now support A120 and A160 workers, which include enough CPU and memory to handle the most resource-intensive tasks in your DAGs. See [Astro Hosted resource reference](resource-reference-hosted.md#deployment-resources) for more information about each worker type.

> ### New platform variables to ensure reliability with the Celery executor

Author: ```suggestion
### New platform variables to improve Celery executor reliability
```

Astro Deployments now have the following environment variables set by default. This is to ensure that the Celery executor doesn't freeze when it attempts to connect with a Pod in the Celery backend that has unexpectedly terminated.

```
AIRFLOW__CELERY_BROKER_TRANSPORT_OPTIONS__SOCKET_TIMEOUT=30
AIRFLOW__CELERY_BROKER_TRANSPORT_OPTIONS__SOCKET_CONNECT_TIMEOUT=5
AIRFLOW__CELERY_BROKER_TRANSPORT_OPTIONS__SOCKET_KEEPALIVE=True
AIRFLOW__CELERY_BROKER_TRANSPORT_OPTIONS__RETRY_ON_TIMEOUT=True
```

For more information about each of these variables, see [Platform variables](platform-varaibles.md)

> ### Ephemeral storage limit on schedulers 

Author: @claassen Can you please review this release note for technical accuracy? Thanks!
